The FLTK Team is proud to announce the release of FLTK 1.1.6,
a cross-platform C++ GUI toolkit for UNIX(r)/Linux(r) (X11),
Microsoft(r) Windows(r), and MacOS(r) X. FLTK provides
modern GUI functionality without the bloat and supports 3D
graphics via OpenGL(r) and its built-in GLUT emulation.

FLTK 1.1.6 fixes bugs in the Visual C++ and Watcom support
files, a crash bug on Windows, default parameter support and
widget position information in FLUID, window positioning
problems with with newer releases of KDE and OSX, copy shortcuts
in the Fl_Text_Display widget, and a side-effect in the
Fl_Browser::remove_() method. The new release also adds the 2.0
copy_label() method for widgets and a delete_widget() method for
callbacks.

FLTK is provided under the GNU Library Public License with
exceptions that allow for static linking.

Changes since FLTK 1.1.5 include:

	- Documentation updates (STR #552, STR #608)
	- Added the 2.0 Fl_Widget::copy_label() method to
	  allow FLTK 1.x applications to have their label
	  strings managed by FLTK (STR #630)
	- Added Fl::delete_widget() method to safely delete
	  widgets in callback methods (STR #629)
	- Fl_Widget::damage(uchar,int,int,int,int) didn't clip
	  the bounding box properly (STR #626)
	- Windows could appear on the wrong screen on OSX (STR
	  #628)
	- Fl_Double_Window produced an error on resize with X11
	- FLUID didn't display menu items using images properly
	  (STR #564)
	- Fl_Sys_Menu_Bar didn't compile on case-sensitive
	  file-systems (STR #622)
	- FLUID didn't handle default function parameters
	  properly (STR #579)
	- Moving or resizing widgets in FLUID didn't always
	  update the widget panel (STR #600)
	- FLTK windows could appear off-screen on X11 (STR #586)
	- The configure script did not support
	  --disable-localfoo to completely disable image file
	  support (STR #582)
	- The Visual C++ 6.0 project files still listed the old
	  JPEG, PNG, and ZLIB library names (STR #577)
	- Fixed the scandir() conditional code for HP-UX 11i
	  (STR #585)
	- Fl_Text_Display didn't support CTRL/CMD-A/C (STR #601)
	- Watcom fixes (STR #581, STR #584, STR #594, STR #595,
	  STR #623, STR #627)
	- Fixed library include order when building DSOs on
	  MacOS X (STR #596)
	- fl_xid() could cause a WIN32 application to crash (STR
	  #560, STR #576, STR #618)
	- Fl_Browser::remove_() removed the item from the list
	  before computing the item height, which caused
	  problems with some programs (STR #613)

----HTML----

<P>The FLTK Team is proud to announce the release of FLTK 1.1.6,
a cross-platform C++ GUI toolkit for UNIX&reg;/Linux&reg; (X11),
Microsoft&reg; Windows&reg;, and MacOS&reg; X. FLTK provides
modern GUI functionality without the bloat and supports 3D
graphics via OpenGL&reg; and its built-in GLUT emulation.

<P>FLTK 1.1.6 fixes bugs in the Visual C++ and Watcom support
files, a crash bug on Windows, default parameter support and
widget position information in FLUID, window positioning
problems with with newer releases of KDE and OSX, copy shortcuts
in the Fl_Text_Display widget, and a side-effect in the
Fl_Browser::remove_() method. The new release also adds the 2.0
copy_label() method for widgets and a delete_widget() method for
callbacks.

<P>FLTK is provided under the GNU Library Public License with
exceptions that allow for static linking.

<P>Changes since FLTK 1.1.5 include:

<UL>

	<li>Documentation updates (<a href='str.php?L552'>STR #552</a>, <a href='str.php?L608'>STR #608</a>)
	<li>Added the 2.0 Fl_Widget::copy_label() method to
	allow FLTK 1.x applications to have their label
	strings managed by FLTK (<a href='str.php?L630'>STR #630</a>)
	<li>Added Fl::delete_widget() method to safely delete
	widgets in callback methods (<a href='str.php?L629'>STR #629</a>)
	<li>Fl_Widget::damage(uchar,int,int,int,int) didn't clip
	the bounding box properly (<a href='str.php?L626'>STR #626</a>)
	<li>Windows could appear on the wrong screen on OSX (<a href='str.php?L628'>STR #628</a>)
	<li>Fl_Double_Window produced an error on resize with X11
	<li>FLUID didn't display menu items using images properly
	(<a href='str.php?L564'>STR #564</a>)
	<li>Fl_Sys_Menu_Bar didn't compile on case-sensitive
	file-systems (<a href='str.php?L622'>STR #622</a>)
	<li>FLUID didn't handle default function parameters
	properly (<a href='str.php?L579'>STR #579</a>)
	<li>Moving or resizing widgets in FLUID didn't always
	update the widget panel (<a href='str.php?L600'>STR #600</a>)
	<li>FLTK windows could appear off-screen on X11 (<a href='str.php?L586'>STR #586</a>)
	<li>The configure script did not support
	--disable-localfoo to completely disable image file
	support (<a href='str.php?L582'>STR #582</a>)
	<li>The Visual C++ 6.0 project files still listed the old
	JPEG, PNG, and ZLIB library names (<a href='str.php?L577'>STR #577</a>)
	<li>Fixed the scandir() conditional code for HP-UX 11i
	(<a href='str.php?L585'>STR #585</a>)
	<li>Fl_Text_Display didn't support CTRL/CMD-A/C (<a href='str.php?L601'>STR #601</a>)
	<li>Watcom fixes (<a href='str.php?L581'>STR #581</a>, <a href='str.php?L584'>STR #584</a>, <a href='str.php?L594'>STR #594</a>, <a href='str.php?L595'>STR #595</a>,
	<a href='str.php?L623'>STR #623</a>, <a href='str.php?L627'>STR #627</a>)
	<li>Fixed library include order when building DSOs on
	MacOS X (<a href='str.php?L596'>STR #596</a>)
	<li>fl_xid() could cause a WIN32 application to crash (<a href='str.php?L560'>STR #560</a>, <a href='str.php?L576'>STR #576</a>, <a href='str.php?L618'>STR #618</a>)
	<li>Fl_Browser::remove_() removed the item from the list
	before computing the item height, which caused
	problems with some programs (<a href='str.php?L613'>STR #613</a>)

</UL>
